Update wp-rest.md (#854)
civicrm/civicrm-dev-docs: docs/api/v3/wp-rest.md

    - `api_key` - **required**, the contact api key
    - `entity` - **required**, the API entity
    - `action` - **required**, the API action
    - `json` - **optional**, json formatted string with the API parameters/arguments, or `1` as in `json=1`

>     It mimics CiviCRM's REST [interface](../interfaces.md), by default all calls to `civicrm/v3/rest` return XML formatted results. To get `json` formatted result pass `json=1` or a json formatted string with the API parameters, like in example 2 below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    It mimics CiviCRM's REST [interface](../interfaces.md), by default all calls to `civicrm/v3/rest` return XML formatted results. To get `json` formatted results pass `json=1` or a json formatted string with the API parameters, like in example 2 below.
```

    **Examples**:

    1. `https://example.com/wp-json/civicrm/v3/rest?entity=Contact&action=get&key=<site_key>&api_key=<api_key>&group=Administrators`

    2. `https://example.com/wp-json/civicrm/v3/rest?entity=Contact&action=get&key=<site_key>&api_key=<api_key>&json={"group": "Administrators"}`

> 2. `civicrm/v3/url` - a substitution for `civicrm/extern/url.php` mailing tracking

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. `civicrm/v3/url` - a substitution for `civicrm/extern/url.php` to track when links in mailings are clicked.
```

> 3. `civicrm/v3/open` - a substitution for `civicrm/extern/open.php` mailing tracking

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. `civicrm/v3/open` - a substitution for `civicrm/extern/open.php` to track when recipients open mailings.
```
